Blockfrost Implementation (#1260)
Plutonomicon/cardano-transaction-lib: doc/side-by-side-ctl-plutus-comparison.md

> Also, Plutus `Contract` uses a phantom type `s` to contract schema

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, Plutus `Contract` uses a phantom type `s` for the contract schema
```
